I've been on this journey for about a decade. I've been in therapy, studied Buddhism, kabbalah, reiki, law of attraction, visualization, CBT, PSTD, past life regression, Astral travel, the Ra Material, the list goes on. I've read over a hundred books on these topics. This book bent my view of reality. I'm 59. I wish i'd read it at 19, and every 5 years thereafter. Everything else felt like dipping my toes around the edge of the pool. This was a plunge into the deep end. It pulled together a lot of things for me. It has given me a completely different perspective and changed the way I experience my daily life. It has calmed me in an odd way. The feeling reminds me of how I heard people describe their experience after having an LSD trip (a good one). I had actually considered an LSD experience. Now I'll just reread this book. I bought this book seven years ago and my copy is so dog eared I needed a new one. I can't really begin to explain how..amazing this book is. One reason is because of our limited perception about ourselves and reality as we know it or think we do and even less because of our beliefs about ourselves and that reality. The book asks you to examine a part of yourselves that we never ever do and that is our BELEFS. As redundant as that may sound if you honestly think about that we don't examine what we believe. When I did I was amazed at what I discovered. Probably the first thing that you will scoff at or even dismiss is where the information is coming from. So I will say the first thing you need NOT to do is.SHOOT THE MESSENGER. Because if you do that you more than likely you'll put the book down and not read it at all. If you can suspend your DIS-BELEIF of the messenger long enough to read the message you will find that there is more truth than you thought in the message. The book is asking us among many other things, to examine things that we take as fact based on what we've been told as well as our own beliefs about whatever that may be and really see if what we believe really